fix(docs) Resolve 196 mdx lint warnings for just, quickly, actually, PostgreSQL (#47358)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/ai/examples/headless-vector-search.mdx

Supabase provides a [Headless Search Toolkit](https://github.com/supabase/headless-vector-search) for adding "Generative Q&A" to your documentation. The toolkit is "headless", so that you can integrate it into your existing website and style it to match your website theme.

> You can see how this works with the Supabase docs. Hit `cmd+k` and "ask" for something like "what are the features of Supabase?". You will see that the response is streamed back, using the information provided in the docs:

Author: ```suggestion
You can see how this works with the Supabase docs. Enter `cmd+k` and ask, for example, "what are the features of Supabase?". You will see that the response is streamed back using the information provided in the docs:
```
